chore: add README for @tailor-platform/function-kysely-tailordb (#14)
tailor-platform/function: packages/kysely-tailordb/README.md

# @tailor-platform/function-kysely-tailordb

[Kysely](https://github.com/kysely-org/kysely) dialect for TailorDB

## Usage

> You should install [`@tailor-platform/function-types`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tailor-platform/function-types) with `@tailor-platform/function-kysely-tailordb` as you will need the types to use the dialect.

Reviewer: ニュアンスですが、ちょっと強く聞こえるので、こんな感じでどうでしょう？

```suggestion
We recommend installing [@tailor-platform/function-types](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tailor-platform/function-types) along with @tailor-platform/function-kysely-tailordb, as you’ll need these types to use the dialect effectively.
```

```sh
npm install -D @tailor-platform/function-types
npm install @tailor-platform/function-kysely-tailordb
```

```typescript
import { Kysely } from 'kysely';

> import { TailordbDialect } from '@tailor-platform/kysely-tailordb';

Reviewer: typoですかね

```suggestion
import { TailordbDialect } from '@tailor-platform/function-kysely-tailordb';
```
